mkv drama network
[Romance on the farm]
[Episode 17]
[Certificate of Sale]
If placed in different locations, the effects will be different.
The location of this restaurant
You can reach He Village by heading east.
You can reach Shiyili Store by heading west.
There are huge crowds of people,
Indeed a prime transportation location.
if you buy
this place,
No matter what the business is.
Whether you are buying or selling gold or silver,
or manage accommodation.
Despite opening a grocery store,
You can also make a lot of money.
In this area,
After the shop is rented,
People will catch it quickly.
And, now you see,
all over this street
I'm the only one selling it.
If it weren't for the previous manager
I have something urgent to go home
this location
Not necessarily given.
I think your store is really good.
but now
We don't have enough funding.
Can you save it for us for a few days?
Of course I can.
As long as it's the two of you
Making a down payment makes sense.
in this case,
You give in first.
Once we raise enough money,
We will enter into a contract directly with you.
what do you think?
You have no money but still want to buy a store.
this...
five days.
Just five days.
Five days?
cannot.
Then, three days.
Three days is enough, right?
Then we agreed.
Three days later,
If someone comes to buy a store
i won't keep it
For you.
agree.
OK
We'll meet in three days.
Thanks.
Why is it raining so hard?
Now there are only three days left.
It seems we have to find a solution as soon as possible.
Before the method was found, the creditor arrived.
Laosan, Si???er, Wu, Liu.
do not laugh.
Do you know the purpose of our coming?
We are here to collect money.
Desa Harimau Hitam always walks the talk.
had high hopes before
568 owns Arak.
Weighs 7.5kg, 120 pots.
Weighs 5kg, 200 cans.
Weight 10kg...
No matter how many there are,
You have to pay, right?
Laosan.
Most of the wine you're talking about
Already in your village.
In addition, we did not say
Don't give money.
Zhao Laosan,
After all, we saved your life.
How can you be ungrateful?
Yes, they saved my life.
Fourth brother, how about we go home?
Didn’t the second brother already say that?
Don't trust irrelevant people.
correct.
OK
in this case,
Can you make concessions?
How many days do you give us?
Can't give in.
The only option is to get your money back
Or come back to the village with us.
Otherwise don't blame it
We don't hesitate.
OK
We go with you.
let's go.
Fourth brother, he lied to us. I...
catch him!
How are you? how?
wake up.
Chase!
Lian Maner and others...
He is not a loyal friend.
There is no morality in the martial arts world.
How dare you play dirty.
Not really human.
This Yu Xiangjin is really persistent.
No money to buy a store
Instead, the people of Black Tiger Village were charged with repaying their debts.
I can escape this time
Not necessarily next time.
Don't worry for now.
Black Tiger Village problem,
I'll take care of it.
We must go back as soon as possible.
Thirteen past panics
Waiting for news from us.
Changfeng.
I want to learn how to write your name.
you try.
There is something between them.
impossible.
I know Shi San best.
They are all impossible.
The two are about to go on a date.
impossible.
You freak.
No, Master.
If I make a mistake,
Just hit me.
Look at me like this
I just can't stand it anymore.
Thirteen, I asked you.
Do you like Lian Yeer?
No, this is nonsense. No.
That's good.
You like Miss Maner.
Why can't I?
Menyukai Ye'er?
store location
What you saw today was really good.
if you can get it,
Business will definitely be good.
Black Tiger Village now
Owe us wine.
If it can be resold,
money to buy shop
will be there too.
For Black Tiger Village,
Money is important,
but something
I think this is more useful.
I'll go tomorrow.
OK
Master.
Miss Ye'er, what do you think?
what do you think?
According to me,
very good.
correct.
If I can really marry Miss Ye'er
do not you
Do you have to call me brother-in-law?
Master.
This relationship is too complicated.
OMG.
Can't live anymore.
Second sister-in-law.
What's the matter, Dad?
Wake up soon.
what is it?
Didn’t Second Aunt give you money?
To your first uncle?
But after your uncle took the money
He disappeared.
This time it seems to be the second uncle
In danger.
Uncle is not here.
What about aunt?
He's also very vague.
he lied to me and said
As long as I have money,
He can bribe government officials
To save Shouyi.
I,
This bad guy is shameless
Stealing money from your own family.
Shouren had the intention to kill.
Can't live anymore.
I don't want to live anymore.
Second sister-in-law!
What are you doing?
can not be like this.
do not do that.
- Sue...
- Don't do that.
My husband.
- grandfather.
- Father.
grandfather.
Is grandpa okay?
Do not move.
It doesn't matter.
That's okay, right?
Just panic, that's okay.
Second son-in-law.
this is not your fault.
It was all because of Shouren's carelessness.
Shouxin,
You represent dad
Go to the towns.
Find Shouren and take him home.
Just say what I say.
Second sister-in-law, what are you doing?
Third brother.
Your second sister’s life
depends on you
Sister...Second sister-in-law.
Wake up soon.
Wake up now. correct.
- In no mood.
- this...
this...
In this case, I will go find my elder brother.
I will go with you.
Wake up soon.
Come on, second sister-in-law.
hurry up. stand up.
【Sunfulai Inn】
Big Brother.
The first uncle.
uncle.
do you know
Where did the family go?
No one lives here, they just moved in.
- move?
- What?
Where to move?
You...you guys
Relatives of this family?
before their families leave,
I've already ordered it.
He said they were a family
Relatives often come to borrow money.
Sticky as a stick.
No touching allowed.
So Man'er,
What should we do now?
Are we
Have you forgotten someone?
I really don't know where my father is.
How could you not know?
Your father has taken the money and done nothing.
The second uncle will definitely be put in jail.
Second aunt is at home
Already sobbing uncontrollably.
Grandpa was also furious.
Your father can't disappear anymore.
You also said,
My father took your money.
What do you want from me?
OK
if you don't say it
I'll ask your parents-in-law.
Lian Man'er.
Don't overdo it.
You are still in Song Mansion.
Your parents stayed away.
This obviously makes you
as a shield.
They don't think about you at all.
Why are you covering it up for them?
Kak Hua'er.
I also know it’s not easy for you.
If it weren't for the chaos at home
I won't come to you.
you just need to tell me
The whereabouts of the uncle and aunt.
As soon as you say that, I will leave immediately.
No one in the Song Dynasty will know about it either.
I am coming.
What's not easy about me?
Try saying it.
You have to learn various rules from an early age
Powerful wealthy family.
you think my father
Do you really love me so much?
Painstakingly married into the Song Dynasty,
It took so long to apply to the Song Mansion,
Didn't get anything.
Then my father scolded me.
It's okay if you blame me.
He still blames my mother.
Obviously he doesn't have the ability himself,
Still blaming others.
Lian Maner, do you know?
What do I hate most about you?
Why do you
It can be said that this fact
without thinking?
you never notice
These rituals and teachings.
You don't care either
Those baseless rumors.
many men
It may not be possible to live as freely as you do.
But that's all
The more you do this, the more I hate you.
To live freely or not freely,
Depends on what you do.
My father's money has been spent.
This is my personal money.
After taking it away,
Don't come to the Song Mansion to look for me again.
Don't embarrass my mother either.
Stop beating around the bush.
i am struggling
to be able to escape.
People at home must be looking for us everywhere.
You better think faster
What to do next.
What should be done?
what can I do?
Haven't we moved yet?
Have you moved here?
keep Calm.
They can't find this place.
Even if there is any movement,
Aren’t there still flowers?
He can help us stop it.
no.
then,
I shouldn't have listened to you.
Really shouldn't accept it
The second child’s money.
Why is it okay?
Blame me?
It's all your beloved daughter's fault.
Become an officer!
Where is the office?
Not even a shadow.
If not, do I need it?
Begging everywhere and being kind to people,
Begging to find a way?
I'm so embarrassed.
Business failed today,
Is it my beloved daughter's fault?
We have put in so much effort,
Didn’t I ask you to be an official?
I only know how to complain
But I don’t know how to blame myself.
If you don't have this ability...
First master.
Big Brother.
What are you doing here?
First uncle,
We finally found you.
Otherwise, Man'er will go to the Yamen to check.
We don't know yet.
As long as there is no evidence,
Shouyi will be released in a few days.
Why would you lie to your family?
Trick me and steal money.
I will kill you!
Second son-in-law.
Yeah.
sit down.
Keep righteousness.
Yeah.
I almost never saw you again.
It's great to be back.
Second sister,
Are you at home?
You lied to my wife and stole money.
It even made dad so angry that it hurt!
Are you human?
Definitely not human.
Yeah.
He kicked me.
diameter.
Why are you standing?
kneel.
Sit here.
Shouyi, sit down quickly.
for many years,
We take good care of you.
Anything good will remember you.
but you can do it
Such a humble thing.
He quickly agreed in front of the whole family.
I won't do such bad things again!
Also, pay back the money
To the second son-in-law.
what money?
no...
Bu... bukankah Hua'er
Did you give it back to him?
The stolen money belonged to Maner.
you can not
Pretend not to know this question
Let the flowers take care of it for you.
On what basis?
Make me pay twice?
The premise is that your whole family will pay for your education.
You must return the money.
I do not want.
I have no money.
What are you doing?
Who are you,
The whole family tightens their belts
Come pay your tuition!
You want to be an official?
We sell groceries and pork
family owned
Collect money for you.
What do you think we did wrong to you?
Am I someone who wants to be an official?
When did I think about it
Be an official?
Didn’t you ask me to be an official?
you...
Didn't you force me to go to school?
What did you say?
what did i say,
Don't you know yourself?
as a child,
you feel favored
Don’t talk about learning.
You tell me and third brother
go to school,
Become a successful person.
Then my third brother, in order to save his wife,
His leg is broken.
He is disabled.
very good.
These two pairs of eyes were staring at me.
When have you ever praised me?
encourage me?
I see.
You just want me to be an official
and make money,
In order to improve the reputation of this family,
Make the Lian family proud!
Did I say something wrong?
You are a disloyal child.
What an unfilial child.
You child is unfilial!
- What a disloyal boy you are!
- big boss!
You unfilial son!
Sister, stop talking!
OK
Because today we have
Say it publicly,
if you
I was not forced to become an official.
Will I sell Man'er?
To the Sun family
For 500 tahir silver
What about that piece of broken jade?
Can I lie to my second sister-in-law?
Steal money?
can i have flowers
Whispering to the Song family
Offer me a position?
I'm just shameless.
My current attitude,
Everything is my fault.
it's all my fault.
You can't blame me.
If you want to blame blame it on you.
You are the only one to blame!
You forced me.
Could you please be quiet?
Say no more.
leave.
go!
In fact, it’s not easy for me either.
I'm not fit to be an official at all.
I don't have such a fate.
Neither should you
Hope for me again.
Tuan Lian.
Is Mr. Lian at home?
group...
Excuse me, who is Mr. Lian?
Lian Shouren.
Tuan Lian.
You are really hard to find.
do you know today
From district to township,
I've searched everywhere but can't find you.
Do you know how many people I asked
Only then did I know you were in Lianjia Village?
Why are you looking for me?
District Party Secretary
Resigned due to illness,
So I asked you to go to the office immediately
And take the job.
in office?
Processing work?
What...are you telling the truth?
for real.
this...
Official county documents are here.
Please take a look.
So, please Mr. Lien
Pack your bags immediately.
Choose the day to take over the position,
I won't bother you anymore.
I'll say goodbye first.
Yeah.
drinking water.
No charge required.
Man'er also returned the money to Hua'er.
However, now the money is for him to buy a store
Not collected yet.
our daughter,
Even though he has a big mouth and a stubborn attitude,
But in fact
He's really soft-hearted.
This is fate playing tricks on people.
This first brother
Still kneeling on the ground.
I didn't expect it afterwards
Instead, he became a secretary.
In fact, no matter whether the eldest brother wants to be a secretary or not,
we still haven't thought of it
How can he help in the future?
We still have to rely on ourselves.
But, by the way,
She can be a secretary
Also a good thing.
At least Dad's wish came true.
Our family
Finally there are officials.
After my father heard the news,
He is very happy.
Oh…
Big Brother.
You eat tofu
Get a lot of good luck.
OK
You eat chicken,
Be the first.
this time i
Go to the office.
I'll go visit the county magistrate first.
correct.
also gathered
with some friends.
- so true.
- We can help each other in the future.
correct.
Come and share with each other.
Ayo.
Yeah.
eat vegetable
To increase body nutrition.
Yeah.
try.
Serve as this secretary,
Also includes the Blessed Office.
The wait finally came true.
This family is not in vain
Save money to send you to school.
Where is your wife?
He went to the township
Go find flowers.
He wanted to tell him earlier
This is good news for flowers.
Mother
Why did the eldest sister suddenly become an official?
Don't ask any more questions, just eat.
By the way, let's eat quickly.
Congratulations to Brother Yi
This promotion.
OK
real. Getting promoted is so easy.
Big Brother,
this time you
When are you planning to leave?
Didn't he already say that?
former secretary
Resigned due to illness.
then you need someone new
Take care of business immediately.
I
There can be no delay.
Depart tomorrow.
hurry?
able.
If so, you need to hurry up.
It is urgent to delay the elder brother's appointment.
That's it, my wife.
That? ? ?
Go home and clean up quickly.
Clean up.
-Throw away what needs to be thrown away.
- throw away.
Don't be reluctant.
Can't be unwilling.
Second sister.
I am in the office,
Why do you throw things away?
After throwing it away, the eldest sister bought a new one.
Are you going too?
- if not?
Didn’t we say this before?
Once you become an official,
You will also bring all family members with you.
if i don't follow you
So who do you follow?
That's right, right?
No...
Big Brother.
How important it is to rely on
Trustworthy family. That's right, right?
How can I let Brother Yi
Going to the office alone?
Mom and dad are also worried.
Yes, that's right, I'm in the office.
I also couldn't bear to leave my parents.
However,
Have you heard about which secretary is in office?
And take the whole family away?
Now I'm just a secretary
Didn't even reach level nine.
- Above me...
- So what?
So offices are no longer human?
become an office
no parents
And no more relatives?
It's enough.
Don't misunderstand what your sister-in-law says.
Sister, don’t take it to heart.
That's what your sister-in-law is like.
His mouth is dull.
We are all brothers and sisters.
Do I really not know who you are yet?
The eldest sister is already an official.
Leaving parents, brothers and sisters,
Not something you would do.
are you still angry
About the misunderstanding yesterday?
No.
I just got out of jail,
My brain is not very bright.
Please forgive me.
Second brother, look at you.
if you still don't forgive me
Hit me.
What are you doing?
OK
We are all fine.
Come on, have a drink.
Yeah.
Mother
This is our village now
Feng shui is rich.
Much better than in the county seat.
Crime is very serious near the village
All were detained at the district government center.
I understand what you are trying to say.
Are you afraid that your mother will come to your house?
Think about it,
You and your wife live in a rural town,
Including places close to home.
Have I been to your house?
Mother,
You misunderstood me.
No matter how nice the house is,
It's still comfortable to live in your own home.
If you follow suit
this...
Chicken, duck, pig, cow,
There are also farms,
Who will take care of it?
correct.
also,
After working hard for many years,
your property
finally,
Who knows whose hands it will fall into.
Even so,
but
You must still obey your father's wishes.
I understand best
Dad's thoughts.
There are two in total.
One is to ask me to be an official.
I did it.
Is it true or false?
so,
Xiu Er’s marriage.
if you two leave
Xiu Er's marriage will be more difficult.
No. Why is it so difficult?
think about it.
marriage is important
Morality is the most important thing.
if we were a family
Gather at the District Government Center
and emigrated abroad,
how difficult is it
You suffer.
Who dares to come to our house to propose?
The situation in the village is different.
now your son
Now it's an office.
My status has risen.
you
It’s the mom in the office.
At the same time, my brother
It's a sister in the office.
You just need to calm down.
I will arrange
Sister's wedding.
Shouren.
you said.
So, about Xiuer’s marriage,
You have to pay attention to it.
you are not alone
Life is good outside.
don't rule it out
This is a family matter.
You just need to calm down.
In that case, let's decide this matter.
I'll help you hoe the ground.
unnecessary.
I can.
Mom, then...
You can also help me persuade Shouyi’s family members.
Don't let them both
Create a problem.
Mom and dad didn't go.
Keluarga Shouyi
Definitely not going.
OK
- Don't worry.
- OK.
Mom, I will help you.
how?
we absolutely cannot
Go to the towns.
Why?
One brother grew up
Xiu Er's wedding.
He said he wanted to find a good marriage for him.
Mom immediately changed her mind
And won't let us go.
Who are you...
I already guessed it.
The elder brother is ungrateful.
Don't take us to the county government center to serve as officials,
The goal is to abandon us
And enjoy life alone.
cannot.
You have to trap him even if he can't leave.
think about it.
When you go to jail,
What is he doing?
He even tricked me into stealing Man'er's money.
Trapping him also includes giving him benefits.
you remember,
This is what we owe.
No matter what happened, it still had to trap him.
How to trap him?
Sister, I...
Keep righteousness.
you two
Mind your own business.
What are you doing?
Big Brother.
You are really great.
Want to escape at this time of night?
leave.
Lala.
What are you doing?
Big Brother,
You haven't put on the formal official uniform yet,
But it's already very arrogant.
After thinking about it for a while,
Are you playing tricks again?
In the name of Xiuer's marriage
Lie to mom?
you two,
Your eavesdropping disease,
Can it be changed?
cannot.
I see.
Because I went to the township.
That's right, right?
So you blocked me here?
I'm not saying I won't invite you.
I have a careful plan.
I'll go first,
Once you get there and have everything set up
Then just go.
so,
It won't disturb other people either. That's right, right?
After you leave,
Everything is ready.
Isn't it great?
There are still such good things.
keep Calm.
I haven't finished speaking yet.
What do you want to say?
Brother is not who you say he is.
Right, right, brother?
correct.
Brother Yi, that’s it.
You see, you will be taking office soon.
you take some
From this nail gap.
Just a little bit.
Enough for both of us to eat and drink.
village.
in your brain,
anything but money
Didn't you think of anything else?
Because you said so,
Sister, don’t leave.
Keep righteousness.
This is impossible.
help!
There's a murder!
Sister killed sister!
you...
The murderer wanted to be an official.
Don't scream.
How much do you want?
tell me.
This is real.
[song]
Hua'er.
Maaf, Hua'er.
You should not be allowed to become a shield for your parents’ problems.
Then Man'er didn't make things difficult for you, right?
This time too, thanks to you,
Your father can only be a secretary.
Look at it.
we have been waiting for many years
The wait finally came true.
Looking for opportunities after returning home
Just talk to Hai Long carefully.
perhaps
Your father can still get promoted.
Mother,
i have been struggling
He could only persuade Hai Long.
He spent money and energy
Take care of everything.
After all the hard work, I finally got it
This official position was for my father's sake.
My dad hasn't used it yet
formal dress,
Why do you want to be promoted again?
Mom was just talking casually.
Don't worry, don't take it to heart.
Hua'er.
You married into the Song family,
Marry into a good family,
live a good life
and achieved extraordinary results.
Mom is so happy for you.
what if,
How about another day
Mom is hosting a dinner party,
Invite Hai Long,
I'll ask your father to stay with him
and drank with him.
unnecessary.
That's true.
Hai Long must be very busy too, right?
Do not have time.
For the third child’s family,
have you heard of it?
They said they wanted to open a restaurant
In the most lively East Market
In towns and villages.
They also said that they could definitely make a lot of money.
Mother looked down upon them.
what is the point
Can you make a lot of money?
How can you compare with our flowers?
Who married into the Song family?
Be a mistress, Mom
Got the credit, right?
Look at you now.
Mother
I followed the waiter and went out...
The weather is cold.
if you have nothing else to do
go home quickly
Hua'er.
Where do you go these evenings?
I ate too much.
go for a walk
Digest food.
Call me next time.
I will accompany you.
OK
Oh yes.
Thank you, my husband.
Because of you, my father's official position came to fruition.
I have been begging my eldest sister for a long time.
persuaded him many times
Until I was almost foaming at the mouth.
Thanks to my father-in-law's good luck.
if not,
Don't know how long we have to wait.
Brother Yi said,
Later we must obey.
As long as we obey,
The punishment your mother gave you in the past,
He will definitely ask your mother for forgiveness on your behalf.
- clam down.
- My husband.
Let’s start building a business.
By owning your own business,
first mother and sister
You can also look up to us.
What business will you do?
No matter what you say,
Still have to get the money back.
Second sister.
How do you think this should be handled?
Beat him black and blue.
Are you complete?
What happened to the second sister?
Just throwing out ideas isn't enough
Want to hit me in person?
Even if you used to
I once saved the third and fourth children,
but this time
You are the first one to break your promise.
Don't blame me for being heartless
Refund the money.
From now on, you must strictly cut off all contact.
certainly.
Then it's troublesome for Brother Shen.
non refundable.
Playing with us again
Brothers, attack!
wait.
What's this?
This is our ID card.
Non-officials cannot get it.
Who are you?
let me see.
Second sister only needs to know,
I got it back
This matter is difficult.
ETC？
correct.
Now we have an identity.
Think about it, Brother Shen is...
loyal friend
Sorry for my rudeness.
We are all brothers,
No need to hesitate.
Ayo.
Second sister.
Wake up soon.
Brother Shen.
to be honest,
since your first time
Arriving at Black Tiger Village,
I never believed you.
I also have an identity.
In front of the first president,
I once said you are nothing.
They also incited Laosan and Laotians
Chasing you and Miss Maner to collect debts.
Your kindness to Black Tiger Village,
I will always remember this place.
If you encounter difficulties in the future,
Our Black Tiger Village
Will definitely try to help.
Second sister,
After listening to your words, my heart calmed down.
I do have a request.
Just say it.
If i remember correctly
There is also wine in the village.
Can you lend it to me to tide me over?
after,
I will return everything
My new debts and my old debts.
Diam!
brother,
Go back and move the wine away.
OK
Ayo.
Thank you, second sister.
[Mission, Thousand Gold Tahir]
[Income, selling liquor in Harimau Hitam village is up to 1,600 tahir]
[expenditure, zero]